I think they are giving me so much
will notice the car when when they are
giving us
[Music]
Y
all kids teach the situation of the
This car that is shielded on the play
and the truth is that I went to look for a
but I did not find it and I passed
some missions of the campaign of the
main ones and I guess it will already be
to be
so good go to the place that I
I have marked on the map and we are going to visit
because like this I do not know what I'm going to have
what to do to make the truth appear
[Music]
I should be in this parking lot
here and there is a black car
but destiny is not no it is not why
because it must be
90 is that I 'm going to blow it
to chase the cop but nothing happens
because we do the trick
to lose the cop and that's it
lost
Well, I do not know what I have to do
so that the bridge appears here I go
to go away because it exists from spanair
since it charges me to the other so it seems
[Music]
iberia the point appears
blue Point
either here we have it done worth less
bad that it was appeared good because what
what you have to do is move on to some
of the first missions of the campaign
if you want to get them I would come to the
map situation that taught you and
here you will have if you do not appear to us
the first thing to burst car
that there is something remote and edges like
heavily and the truth that is
pretty handsome so now we're going to
let's try to see inside and we
to see how this one
It is a car very similar to the load of
the movie of the race of death
the truth that this movie is pretty
it consisted of a mind that is pretty
web is with the windows and beautiful
but the seals do
we are resistant we will have to prove it
Well, as I was saying this
car of
as you see from the movie of the race of
the death was in a prison and in that
makes careers and the one that is born from that
race was to die wins the race and I left
from jail
that basically and I now because I
they are chasing both the truck and what
is happening here what is happening here
what's happening, good, I'm going to
try cars and I hope you liked it
this video that you are giving me also
will endow the car when when they are
giving us donations through the windows but
good in general I guess it will be fine
come to try on
I leave you with the video
now my mission is to take the car to my
garage that is perfect forever
to be able to see them when you want it is a
so take cerdito
[Music]
every time I'm going to try to run over
the maximum riders you can
[Music]
a mud
that comes that come to see that come
from behind another one stuck to the heels
then jumped in here to see how it goes
[Music]
perfect
our she treated me well
do not
he has not seen any biker yet
but you will see when you see it
[Music]
guantazo an area
I have not lost it
and
shit is shielded boat serves no
survive
the motorcyclist killed dead there
is alive is alive the strip for brought
[Music]
It is not yours
super jump over here
[Music]
one more
this is going to get rid of the pound
[Music]
uy with hair and another one I've already lost the
account I do not know how long it came I think four or
five I do not know I'm tough
[Music]
I have little left to spoil the car
but they do not happen to know the half alive to
serbian the shield the truth that was
quite handsome this car I liked
quite and runs runs pretty and only
remains mind
[Music]
mission accomplished this voucher